README.md, before:

# Web Launch Checklist

This website displays the most useful and effective tips for Performance, SEO, Security, Accessibility, Content, and Functionality. I want it to be easy to edit so please fork and suggest changes!

To start a development environment run these commands:

```npm install``` in the root directory of this project

```gulp default``` to watch for changes in main.scss and main.js

***
## Contributing

Please read the following for details on the process for submitting pull requests.

Here is a sample of what the HTML code block looks like where the all caps text is replaceable. The "..." is where I removed some unimportant code for the purposes of examples.

````HTML
 <section class="checklist">
        <h2 class="checklist__title">TITLE OF SECTION</h2>
        ...
        <ul class="checklist-container">
            <li class="checklist-item">
                <input id="" type="checkbox"/><label for="" class="checkbox"></label><span
                    class="checklist-item__title">CHECKLIST ITEM TITLE</span>
               ...
                <div class="info-container">
                    <div class="info">
                        EXTRA INFORMATION
                    </div>
                </div>
            </li>
````
You should limit yourself to editing the:
* Title of the section *(h2 class="checklist__title")*
* Checklist item title *(span class="checklist-item__title")*
* Extra information, keep in mind that only unordered lists and links have defined styles *(div class="info")*


* Repeat the ```<li class="checklist-item">``` block for more checklist items.
* Repeat the ```<section class="checklist">``` block for more checklist sections.
***

* **Harris J Thompson** - *Creator* - [Portfolio](https://harrisjt.com/)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/HarrisJT/web-launch-checklist/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.


This project is licensed under the CC BY-SA 4.0 License - see the [Creative Commons License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/deed.en_GB) website for details

Commit message:

Fix redundancies in security checklist, add Edge support, improve service workers

README.md, after:

# Web Launch Checklist

This website displays the most useful and effective tips for Performance, SEO, Security, Accessibility, Content, and Functionality in checklist form. The checkboxes and counters persist through localstorage and the whole document can be downloaded in multiple formats. I want it to be easy to edit so please fork and suggest changes!

To start a development environment run these commands:

```npm install``` in the root directory of this project

```gulp default``` to watch for changes in main.scss and main.js

***
## Contributing

Please read the following for details on the process for submitting pull requests.

Here is a sample of what the HTML code block looks like where the all caps text is replaceable. The "..." is where I removed some unimportant code for the purposes of examples.

````HTML
 <section class="checklist">
        <h2 class="checklist__title">TITLE OF SECTION</h2>
        ...
        <ul class="checklist-container">
            <li class="checklist-item">
                <input id="" type="checkbox"/><label for="" class="checkbox"></label><span
                    class="checklist-item__title">CHECKLIST ITEM TITLE</span>
               ...
                <div class="info-container">
                    <div class="info">
                        EXTRA INFORMATION
                    </div>
                </div>
            </li>
````
You should limit yourself to editing the:
* Title of the section *(h2 class="checklist__title")*
* Checklist item title *(span class="checklist-item__title")*
* Extra information, keep in mind that only unordered lists and links have defined styles *(div class="info")*


* Repeat the ```<li class="checklist-item">``` block for more checklist items.
* Repeat the ```<section class="checklist">``` block for more checklist sections.
***

* **Harris J Thompson** - *Creator* - [Portfolio](https://harrisjt.com/)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/HarrisJT/web-launch-checklist/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.


This project is licensed under the CC BY-SA 4.0 License - see the [Creative Commons License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/deed.en_GB) website for details
